LH 1 VOY43 v.1
1922: Ma
copy !
Be Not Hasty in the Spirit To Be Angry, For An- ger Resteth In The Bosom of Fools. Eccl. 7:9.
THE YELLOW JOURNAL
Silence Is The Journal's Thun- der. To Be Ig- By The Journal Is Ig- nominy.
Volume 7
UNIVERSITY OF VIRGINIA, MAY 22, 1922
Price Two-Bits
PICCOLO PUNCTURES GUMMY GATHERING
Pot Peers Through Periscope for Page's Pup.
(Covered by Yellow Journal Reporter)
The faculty had been in session ten minutes when in came Pot Luck. He was a bit apologetic for his tardiness, due no doubt to his attitude towards students who hap- pen to come late to his lectures. In trying to slip in unobserved, he stepped on Dean Page's dog. An awful note filled the air and nearly punctured everyone's ear drums. All eyes turned to Prof. Giles who had been polishing and bailing out his piccolo. His Desperate Desmond grin gave place to bewildered blank- ness.
"I wish to raise objections against the eminent geologist trying out that damned piccolo at faculty meeting," protested "Jimmy" Bardin, who had been interrupted from reading Decameron.
"I was not blowing the instru- ment," retorted Giles, "it was Pot Luck that caused the noise when he stepped on the Dean's dog."
"That's right," added several other professors.
"Why I have not seen the Dean's dog," said Pot in dismay.
Here Sparrow and Hoxton came to the rescue. They borrowed. the mir- rors from the doreens of "Little Lord Fauntleroy" Ball and "Earnie" Leh- man and, though it taxed their sci- entific knowledge, they arranged a periscope and showed Pot the dog.
Jurgen Still Out. "Who has Jurgen now?" asked "Gummy" Johnson.
"You are not going to read it again are you?" inquired the Dean.
"It looks as if I am not since the rest of the faculty are trying to break my monopoly" whimpered "Gummy" as if he had parted with his best friend.
"Try The Sheik" consoled "Jimmy" Wilson and he commenced a dis- course upon the merits of The Sheik and what the various critics had said concerning it.
[Continued on page 2] -
I. GUM. U.
Founded in Richmond, Befo' the Wah.
Fratres in Facultate. A. G. Adam Balz. Tiptoe Hooray Snaveley. William Menthol Forrest.
Active Members of the Zu-Zu Chapter.
Shaggy Nelms-Boree. Bishop Denny. Tea Sipper Hall-(By Re- quest.)
Randall T. Elliott. Lucien Abbott. Jim McVoy. Frank Reade-(By acclama- tion.)
Cannon Ely. Isadore Patrick Freely Op- pleman.
D. T.'s McNair.
Frater in Urbe.
J. Allan Wheat-Is your life insured ?
HELL BREAKS LOOSE
Students Are Warned to Beware the Asbestos Cross.
INVISIBLE EMPIRE, KIKES OF THE KOO KOO KLAN. Kave-in Number Kfour, Realm of Virginia.
University, Virginia, April 21st, 1922. To the Kstudents of the Kollege at Klarge :---
1) It is time to cut out all the kbunk, and we, the silent, unseen Kikes of the Koo Koo Klan, are go- ing to see that this is done.
2) We want to see every kstudent in Church next Sunday at eleven sharp-and believe me, bo, we mean business. Any of you kbirds who think we are kidding had better Be- ware! because the goblins will get you if you don't kwatch out.
3) Any kstudent seen outside his room after 9:30 from now on will get hisn. We know our kstuff.
4) There will be no more petting
[Continued on page 3]
ROLLING STONES GATHER IN EARLY MORNING HOURS
Swaying gently to the stately measures of a jazzy rendition of "The Rolling Stone," 1677 men and seven Easier Queens pitched a snappy party at the S. O. L. House one night during Easter Week.
The entire first floor was cleared for action early in the evening, though the struggle centered for the most part in one particular corner, where 1670 men and six of the Eas- ter Queens became unaccountably jammed for about three hours. The guests entered at the front door and passed out in the smoking room.
A number of new steps were to be seen, though most of the party preferred the perpendicular prance to the longitudinal lunge. Early strollers on Lambeth Field report that the stadium actually rocked under the combined reverberations of the 1684 prancers.
The orchestra kept the situation well in hand until refreshments were served. Thereafter they merely added to the general uproar. As Bob Boswell · remarked at frequent intervals during the fight, "Thank God nobody got drunk."
BLANTON BUSHWAH DRIVES FRIEDA TO ALLIGATORS
The latest news from Palm Beach over The Yellow Journal wire is that Frieda Hempel, who has been spend- ing some time there trying to overcome the assault made upon her by "Os- car Wilde" Blanton, has given away to her conscience and has presented herself as a meal to an alligator. Miss Hempel has found that since Blanton has exposed her swindle to the American public that life was not worth while; audiences refused to be amused and so with her ill- gotten gains she spent the last mo- ments of her life amusing herself and ended it all by amusing an alli- gator.
"The true spirit of art is not dead." Certainly not. But why paint it in front of the Rotunda Osky? Use chalk next time-Senator Goodwin and Sam Ward keep a supply on hand.
ON OUR PRIVATE WIRE
Local Central Makes Record-Two Calls in One Day.
Ting-a-ling- ting-a-ling "Hello ?"
"Yes, Yes, Hello?"
"Is this The Yellow Journal ?"
"Certainly,-did you think it was the Engineering Journal?"
"Well, No,-Oh, I say, this is the Glee Club."
"The WHAT?"
"The Glee Club-I. O. U., you know."
[Continued on page 5]
CARD OF THANKS.
The Journal wishes to thank the Dean of Women for her interest in our editorial staff. Rumor hath it that the Dean is on the trail of The Journal Board and will "get us" if we say anything about her darling Co-eds!
Really, Lady,-there is not much to say.
We thank you. Ye Journal Board.
TONY SPREADS HIS STUFF ON THE LAWN
Inquiring Reporter Questions Mexican Athletes on Vital Issues.
To-day's Question: "Do you think the trees on the Lawn of the Univer- sity should be equipped with electric incubators to hatch blue bird eggs?"
Dr. E. A. Alderman, President of his University: "You may inform the gentlemen of my University that it gives me great pleasure to address an answer to them on such a momentous question at such a critical time. Un- doubtedly my University should in- stall electric incubators in the trees on the Lawn, so that the little baby blue birds may have a proper birth. Early every morning about noon when I approach my office under the classic arcades of my magnificent temple of learning, I hear myriads of little blue bird mothers sobbing in their nests where they are vainly endeavoring to regulate the tempera- ture of their eggs so that they may hatch properly. And anon a blue bird will gaze down on me reproach- fully with a sad look in her soft eyes. Indeed, I cannot too forcibly urge up- on the reading public the importance of the project you have mentioned to me. I believe in the very depth of my heart that the State Budget should be increased to include a per- manent fund for the installation and maintainance of such sanitary and scientific equipment as may be com- patible with the universally accepted standards of morality in so far as they relate to the question we have under discussion."
Elmer Carruthers, Bursar: "I have really been so engaged with my Ac- counting lectures that I have not had suitable time to probe the situation very deeply."
Dr. D. C. Smith, Professor of Ger- matology: "That's not in my line."
I'll Swann, Professor of Music: "No, we should look to the con- servation of the blue bird eggs in Russia before thinking about those here at the University."
Reuben Maury, Editor of College Topics: "Hell no!"
AMBLER IS PITTED WITH S. B. CHAMPION
End of Lent Lends Zest to Maiden's Life-Finds New Blood at U. Va.
March, 1922, Sweet Briar, Va.
Dear Dolly:
I am so glad that lent is coming to an end that I don't know what to do. I haven't been to a dance since I led the figure with Jack Jervey at our winter german. I have been on my tin ear ever since then for a bid for Easter Week at the University; I have had my eye on several of the bloods but I can't quite get them to the point. I was in hopes that Char- lie Mahood would flunk more than one of his tickets so that he would be there to take me in the Eli figure, but when that hope was gone I threw out my line on Roody Caroll, Bill Menefee, and Ben Baker. I think Ben was on the point of asking me to come on his card, but for some reason or other he got sore when I offered him a Zoo Zoo and left me without saying another word, and hasn't been back since. I hear he is rushing a little girl over at Stuart Hall now. Well I don't care, I am going in the T. I. L. K. A. figure with that good looking John Clark.
Don't you think it is terrible about Toofte Hall and Dick Carrington? I think someone ought to write to Dick's girl in Italy and tell her all about it. I suppose Toofie got all that was coming to him, because he and Staige Blackford got up their "indifference club" to make out like they were laughing it off!
You ought to see the way Doctor Lambeth has fixed up the hill be- tween the Rotunda and the place where they are going to put the new Gym. I can't tell you about it; you have to go there to know what it is like. John Ambler took me out there last Sunday night, and I was so tickled with the place that I could hardly tear myself away. Anne had a date with Powell Seward the next
[Continued on page 2]
I. PHELTA. THI.
Founded in Mexico, by the Sheik, during the period of Evolution. Salome Chapter.
University of Virginia Fratres in Facultate.
James Sugars Mclemore. Jewcy Lehman - Talks through his nose-(room to talk).
Marc Anthony Newcomb- Assistant Dean of Women. Graham Crackers Edgar- Tony's Aid.
Pop Knight-The ladies' man. Charter Members.
Jimmie Johnston. Clem Baxter.
Billo Snead. Dick Carrington. Pete Eagle.
Alex. Mahood. Al Percy.
Barham Gary. Honorary Members.
Joe Scolnick. Bob Hatcher.
Title: The yellow journal Call Number: LH1 .V6 Y43 Location: FLATFOLIO
This single copy was produced for the purposes of private study, scholarship, or research pursuant to 17 USC § 107 and/or 108. Copyright and other legal restrictions may apply to further uses. Special Collections, University of Virginia Library.
THE YELLOW JOURNAL, MAY 22, 1922
PAGE TWO
PATAGONIAN DRIVE
Cox's Army Opens Fire on South American Front.
Mocum Cox and Pax Howard an- nounce the beginning of a new relief drive to buy pink parasols for the starving children of Patagonia. At present the children have nothing but overshoes and fig leaves to wear. Their backs have become so freckled that they are no longer able to attend Sunday School and retain their sense of modesty.
The National Headquarters for Pat- agonia Pink Parasol sent out word last night! that unless funds were shortly forthcoming, they would be compelled to initiate a second drive for the purpose of providing Pond's Extract and Vanishing Cream for the starving children.
All subscriptions should be mailed to the Yellow Journal and made pay- able to the Patagonia Pink Parasol Relief.
OVERHEARD DURING THE DANCES.
Sherman Jenny Speaking:
"Why I can't blame you girls a bit for falling for me. Indeed I can't. You see most of the students here are so plebian looking, and then I'm rich besides being so pretty. Then, too, I have such at- tractive ways. Honestly, I'm not joking,-I don't see how you can help falling for me."
FAMOUS SAYINGS BY FAMOUS MEN.
"Stone walls do not a prison make" -by Cutey Goodwin.
"The apparel off proclaims the man"-by Bob Harrison. "Neither a borrower nor a lender be"-by Pete Jenkins. "Assume a virtue if you have it not"-by John Staige Davis.
"Beauties in vain their pretty eyes may roll"-by Reuben Maury.
"A horse! A horse! My kingdom for a horse!"by Man O'War Hen- nessey.
"Look on my works ye mighty and despair"-by Henry Foster.
"A Man's a man for A' that"-by Oscar Wilde Blanton.
- AMBLER IS PITTED
WITH S. B. CHAMPION
[Continued from page 1]
night but he would not take her down there.
You wouldn't know the University now, there are more snakes there now than there used to be, and you can't go down the street without seeing a pair of knickers. I thought that An- son Taylor must have brought them down from Princeton, but the boys told me that one of the Law profes- sors, the one they call George, started the idea. I don't now what the cause of the change is but lots of the old stand bys have become typical snakes, All the "bad Beta boys" are that way, even Bob Harrison. I always thought Bill Moseley had a tend- ency that way but I thought that I was the only girl that Bob had ever loved. They even tell me that that sweet little boy that they call Boota or Bhudda, (I don't know how they spell it) is a real "he vamp," and I had thought all along that he was so crazy about a simple little coun- try girl that he wouldn't look at anyone else. Billy Laird said that he wanted to give him a date with his girl because he thought he was the only safe man in the University.
All the other fraternities are jeal- ous of the Zeta Beta Taus on ac- count of their new house which is out by the site for the new Gym. Pat Oppleman and Mike Wagenheim both asked me to their house party, but I got the Flu and could not get there. I am glad I didn't now because I hear that Joe Bush was very naughty.
Always yourn, Alice S.
Classified Ads
PLEASE DON'T.
Oh, Mr. Clark, please don't do any more of that horrid boxing. Some nasty man will simply ruin those lovely features of yours.
Signed: Ladies of the Community.
* * * LOST.
Has anybody seen Mrs. Hartman's gait,-we mean gate? To be pre- cise, has anyone seen her style, we mean stile-oh, darn it all,-what we want to know is-Who stole the top to Mrs. Hartman's turnstile when Mrs. Hartman was away?
* * *
Lost: My Phi Beta Kappa Key. I am to be honored with the degree of D.F. by Bare Fax Hall and want to wear the key at the ceremony. Reward if returned to Fatty Marsh.
* * *
We say the Wrong thing in the Wrong way at the Wrong time to the Wrong person.
B. P. Chamberlain, B. D. Ayres, B. A. Pretlow. * * *
Wanted: A bid to a fraternity by a promising young man who can play the mandolin, is a good sticker and who can gum any party. J. J. DeBrita, 78 East Range.
* * *
Lost: On Rotunda steps one night recently, a lady's locket bearing cer- tain initials and containing a picture of Billo Snead. Finder please return to Alex Mahood.
* * * VOTE FOR ME.
As Tony's Successor. Why shouldn't I be President ?- I'm Pro- fessor of Commercial Law already- and pretty good, too, if I do say so myself, as shouldn't.
A. R. Bowles.
* * *
THE COMPLETE LETTER WRITER.
Correspondence course in ten lessons. Apply to L. M. Blackford for rates, etc .- (Ad) * * *
For Sale: The secret of How I Am Beautiful. Apply to Frisky Kimbull.
* * *
For Sale: Left wing of the Ro- tunda at a reasonable price. I have hopes of leaving college this year and therefore would like to sell my share in the place.
.
R. E. Harrison. * * * I HEREBY APPLY.
For the position of manager of football for next year. Can guar- antee to stage the West Virginia, Princeton, and North Carolina games all on the same day at the same time and on the same field-and against the same Virginia team. Let's do things up right. I beg leave to refer you to my basketball sched- ule as a testimonial for my ability. NATHAN ROYALL.
* * *
Lecture: On how I am off my game of golf. By Anson Wales Very Hard Taylor,-Madison Hall, 8-11 P. M., tonight. * * * VIOLINIST IN NEED.
Wanted: A muffler for my con- crete mixer. Violin solos at any and all hours. The Earl of Chatham (East Lawn).
* * *
Handlebars McCulloch, star re- porter for Topics, and Pop Lanni- gan's one best bet on the cinder path, will give an exhibition of his famous bicycle stride on Lambeth Field tomorrow afternoon at 4:45.
CAFETERIA STILL COMMON.
"The cafeteria is sliding along greasily," according to a statement issued by Mrs. Rhodes last night. It has turned out to be such a pay- ing proposition, that the University is planning to install an elevator in the McIntire School of Fine Arts with the profits.
An unusually economical menu scheme has been adopted. Cakes, sausage, broken dishes and plugged nickels left over from breakfast are made into soup for dinner and hash for supper.
- INQUIRY.
-
Dear Editor of The Yellow Journal: Could you please send me the ad- dresses of the Janitors that Dr. Lambeth trains to clean up the rooms on the Ranges and Lawns? The one that messes my room up every morning looks like he might die at any moment and I would like to know where to ship the remains. I thank you for your sweetness. Al Percy.
POEM?
- Says George Scott Shack, To Dr. Carter "We spend more money Than we oughter."
Says Dr. Carter, To George Scott Shack, "Don't worry, we'll start a Campaign for Jack."
Moral: They took the Topics' Stinking Fund.
PICCOLO PUNCTURES
GUMMY GATHERING
[Continued from page 1]
!"We came here to-night to discuss crip courses," began the Dean.
Hardly were the words out of his mouth when Prof. Forrest and the eminent Giles looked at each other with rage. The faithful piccolo was wielded by the ex-coal miner to an advantage but the effects of the blows were scarcely felt by the ex- preacher; he was hard shelled.
"My courses are not crip" growled the two antagonists.
"Go to it boys," yelled "Little Doc" Lefevre, "we must have clean athletics so hit clean."
"As I was going to say before the little interruption," continued the Dean," the standard of a course is not measured by the number of men who are flunked, but the ability of the professor is measured by that norm. According to that Forrest, you, Giles and Williams are damn poor professors, and Kernel Brooke Pain is a poor excuse for an in- structor. Get busy and teach!"
"Do you find that bay rum is do- ing your hair any good?" asked Prof. Metcalf of "Little Doc."
"I am not using bay rum for my hair," replied Little Doc.
On hearing this John Lloyd New- comb and Doc Carter came to life. The familiar cough of Newcomb was heard. Immediately there was an academic procession led by "Little Doc," and the Dean, in desperation, adjourned the meeting, and went back to his Snappy Stories.
TWO-GUN WILLIE
The Man That Let Daylight Through Grover Scott
Now open for bookings, vaudeville or small time preferred
Apply BETA THETA PI House (Some call it THE CAWSTLE)
C. B. "Job" Northrup
2 2
Professional Pallbearer and Crepe Hanger
"I take a personal pride in my work. Have a chat with me and relieve my mind of your worries."
Title: The yellow journal Call Number: LH1 .V6 Y43 Location: FLATFOLIO
This single copy was produced for the purposes of private study, scholarship, or research pursuant to 17 USC § 107 and/or 108. Copyright and other legal restrictions may apply to further uses. Special Collections, University of Virginia Library.
PAGE THREE
THE YELLOW JOURNAL, MAY 22, 1922
ALONG THE SERPENTINE WALLS
1
John. Staige Davis emphatically denies the accusation that he is boot- legging his way through the medical school. John says : that, although upon occasion he might be prevailed upon to sell iced lemonade at a Char- ity Bazar, he would on no account sell anything stronger.
* * *
R. L. Hinds, Athletic Editor of College Topics has a unique recipe for writing his "original" athletic stories, The most high-sounding phrases of the Washington Post and Herald are joined together and in- terspersed with a few "Old Domin- ion's" and, lo, Bob has written his story. Sometimes he just takes an article verbatim, merely changing the score and the names of the teams. It would not be surprising some of these days to find that he had neglected to change the names of the teams, so that Topics will come out some fine day reporting that Washington lost to Detroit in- stead of V. P. I. losing to Virginia.
* * *
We don't think Col. Payne marks too strictly, we know "damn well" he does! * * *
V
It is rumored that Charlie Fergu- son is planning to spend a week-end at the University sometime in the near future.
* * *
Littleton Unhung Wickham says that he hopes he will never lose his dignity to such an extent that he would raise his voice to a friend as far away as the other side of the street.
***
We have it from the Yellow Jour- nal's private medium that paternal- ism, as personified in Frank Reade and Ed. Stettinius, will be the sav- ing policy of the University, * * *
Job Northrop was recently discov- ered under the bed by Tom Preston. We suppose Job was trying to im- personate an old shoe.
* * *
Albert Galloping Metcalf, of Met- calf, Mississippi, has galloped plumb out of college. * * *
With the assistance of a trick Ford, Len Otis seems to be able to do almost as well with the local flappers as anyone else can on foot. * * *
Alex Mahood admits that he has been asked to take the part of "Grace" in the University's annual Summer-School pageant.
* * *
When interviewed by a C. Y. J. reporter, Dr. Alderman denied the report that Gentleman Jim Hennelly has bought the Rotunda.
* * *
Bob Price was recently awarded a pair of peppermint knitting needles for his record drive from Charlottes- ville to Lynchburg. Accompanied by Taze Taylor, the Priceless one covered the distance in two days and five hours.
* * *
Oscar Wilde Blanton, who can't carry a tune, so carries wildflowers instead, is now pursuing a course in Harmony and Counterpoint X 45, and is doing some original research work in Ensemble Orchestration. Professor Fickensher states that his pupil will soon be able to play chop- sticks.
* * *
Nash Adams is alleged to have begun to make a feeble attempt to smile the other day-reason un- known.
* **
How about changing the name of the Quatz Arts Society? Somebody might spell it wrong some day.
Jack Groner bet on V. M. I. last fall, and after the game Ben Finney wouldn't lend him any money to get home on-the mean old thing! * * *
The wife of one of the faculty members insisted that her two year old baby could drink anything that Papa and Mama could. The kid got tight and fell out of his high chair! Let us all now sing the old song "We didn't raise our boy to be a toper."
* * *
Professor Bobby Mainfort wres- tled with Temptation. The com- munity was thrown for a loss of three thousand berries.
* * *
Hollie Rinehart just would dance at the Phi Delta Phi Show .- And just could!
* * * Little Lord Fauntleroy Ball has sold his switch-tower house.
* * *
Gentleman Jim Hennelly an- nounces his candidacy for the G. A. A.
* * *
The Yellow Journal wishes to an- nounce that after a fierce political battle Mr. Ceylon Bullyard Frazer was unanimously chosen News Ed- itor of Topics all over again.
* * *
Did you see TeDeum FitzHugh in the baldheaded row at "Tickle Me?" Te-dum, te-dum, tedeum!
* * *
Special cable from London:
"The Grand Old Warrior has been made a Knight of the Bath." Signed: Scarlet Fevre. * * *
Dicky Bird has again won the D. S. C. No, Bartholomew, D. S. doesn't always mean distinguished service.
** *
Speaking of / Hairy Marshall and EverReady Echols, has anybody seen Poison Ivey Lewis?
* * *
The Yellow Journal desires to ex- press its sympathy to Mr. George Boardinghouse Eager. * * * Fore!
Look out Gentlemen! Here comes Barney Oldfield Kepner in his 1492 Buick, all brakes on, and the muffler around his neck, where all good mufflers should be. * * *
The Engineering Department is now engaged in preparing drawings and specifications for throwing a pontoon bridge across the Cabell Hall wash room. Until the contract has been awarded and the bridge actually constructed, gum boots may be rented at the Corner from the Bruffey Boys.
* * *
The Charlottesville banking houses announce that hereafter they will only observe three hundred and sixty-nine holidays during the year. This remarkable reduction is due to the fact that McLane Tilton has de- cided not to attend all the Easter dances next year.
* * *
The good old Irish fraternity of Zeta Beta Tau has paid for their house by selling adjacent lots they bought last spring. What was that the Bible said about "He that watcheth over Israel shall neither slumber nor sleep?" Well, we guess not.
* * *
HELL BREAKS LOOSE [Continued from page 1]
- parties in the ice pits. We want 'em for our meetings under the Fiery Symbol of our Order.
5) We are the greatest little or- ganization in school. We don't take nothing off nobody. (Ask Professor Knewcomb).
6) Our motto is: "PEEPING THROUGH THE KNOTHOLE IN MURPHY'S BACKYARD FENCE- EVERYBODY'S PRIVATE BUSI- NESS IS OUR BUSINESS TOO."
By Order of Exalted Claptrap. Done on the Hectic Day Of the Damphool Week Of the Merry Month of May In the Thirteenth Year Of the Third Reincarnation of That Which Makes the Grass Grow Green.
- NOTICE.
- My room is to be used as a bed- room and as a bedroom only. Please don't ask me what I mean. Signed: E. Wiltshire. Boy-page Mr. Ed Saunders.
Mister John Lloyd Newcomb will now recite that light and airy little poem from the pen of Edgar Allan Poe, which begins: "Out, out are the lights,-out all."
FULL OF SOUND AND FURY AND SIGNIFYING NOTHING
Of all the useless things at the University of Virginia, what few stand out as the most pre-eminently useless of all?
It is a hard question to decide, with such a wealth of material to draw from.
However, after much thought, we nominate the following: The Vir- ginia Union; The Debating Team; The Ku Klux Klan; and The Thir- teen Club.
Also, knickerbockers a la Prince- ton.
3
- THINGS WE DON'T HEAR ABOUT ANYMORE.
- $25 board. Nealy Bull's Overall Club. The Centennial Drive. The Alumni Office. The Co-ed who applied for a job on the Reel Staff.
The Alpha Chi Rho Bloc. The Hotfeet.
Daily Progress.
-
Ladies and Gentlemen, lest we forget,-may we not present to you our friend, the quintessence of par- lorsnakism, Mr. Boocock. By the way, has anybody seen Cupid Hen- dren lately ?
ARE YOU A SUCKER?
LET ME TAKE YOU TO SEE A WONDERFUL LADY WHOSE HUSBAND WORKS AT AKRON, OHIO.
Phone 697-J or 581
References:
Bob Hatcher Bill Coupland Bo-Peep Jones
I am none other than Dean Lile's SON JOHN
THE JEFFERSON and LaFAYETTE PICTURE PALACES
OFFER
"Telephone" and "Peanut" Twyman THE BOY WONDERS in a parlor skit entitled
POOREST PICTURES AT HIGHEST PRICES
Patrons will kindly report any courtesy shown by employees.
Famous Every-Man-For-Himself Orchestra
Title: The yellow journal Call Number: LH1 .V6 Y43 Location: FLATFOLIO
This single copy was produced for the purposes of private study, scholarship, or research pursuant to 17 USC § 107 and/or 108. Copyright and other legal restrictions may apply to further uses. Special Collections, University of Virginia Library.
The faculty announces a course known as Forestry B1 as the greatest crip now offered in the College. The lines will form four abreast to the right of the registrar's office tomor- row morning at nine o'clock.
@
THE YELLOW JOURNAL, MAY 22, 1922
PAGE FOUR
The Yellow Journal
"Extreme at Virginia" Address: C. Y. J., University, Va. Published every now and then by the social, political and scholastic outcasts of the University.
Price, Two Bits per copy.
Ouija Board: Whang Blackford Blondie Blanton Editorial Board: Impediments- ( S. R. McCulloch in-Chief ( Cap. Snyder News Editor Miss Mary Proffitt Stationary Editor. . Frank R. Reade Censor ......... Dicky Bird, D. S. C. Scandal Editor ...... Mrs. Richardson Alibi Editor ....... Jimmie Johnston Griping Editor ........ Henry Foster Society Editor ........... Billo Snead Business Manager ... I. P. Oppleman
Associate Editors:
Red Book Maury Honest Bill Dunn Black Bill Mosely Bullyard Frazer Mag McCardell B. V. D. Woods
Newsboys:
Gardner Carter The Bruffey Boys Bill Camp Paul Goodloe McIntire Dean Page Bare to Hair Wood Charley Graves Pot Luck
WE'LL BITE-WHO DOES?
Who gets out the Yellow Journal? In the words of the great Prince- ton athlete we beg to reply: "That's not a fair question."
Eureka.
Lots of folks didn't like The Yel- low Journal last year. We didn't like it ourselves. In fact we were heartily ashamed of much of it. Indeed, we had about decided not to get out The Journal this year. But two things have made this is- sue imperative: First, we promised the Endowment Fund $100, in the white heat of the campaign last spring-we put out too big a paper, too many cuts, too much of many things. Briefly, we lost money. The only way to pay the pledge is to strive to collect enough from this year's Journal to do so. The small sum of two bits will hurt no one. The profits will go to the Endow- ment Fund. Buy many copies, la- dies and gentlemen. Send them to your friends and sweethearts, after deleting anything that may be a bit personal, don't you know!
In the second place-we are al- truistic if nothing else. When The Journal did not appear Easter Week a hue and cry went up that was echoed from the Corner to Dawson's Row. In the bottom of our hearts we believe that the young men of the University in the bottom of their hearts want to see The Yellow Journal-so what else could we do? We offer this number of The Journal to the public, without apol- ogy. We think it's pretty good. We have laughed at it ourselves. Here's the idea-if what is herein writ down makes a fellow sort of sore, as it were, and makes everybody else laugh-then it must be all right. If it makes other people sore besides the unlucky victim at whom the shaft is aimed-then it's all wrong. We have proceeded on this theory-and if you don't agree with us in thinking that this is a Yellow Journal par excellence, why you just go straight to-the Corner, and lick Cap Schneider-he admits he is one of the editors.
You four-flushers that claim you don't approve of The Journal can't kid us. We've been kidded by pro- fessionals. You like it. What's more-half of you would pay us to say something about you. The other half would probably pay us not to. We hope everybody is satisfied! Eureka!
Lost: A setter pup. This pup is very valuable, he came from Nor- folk. Finder please return to St. Elmo Hall. I still have the chain. Robertson Hanckel.
WHY IS THE LIBRARY ?
Ensemble Concerts Now Held in Rotunda.
-
The Library has become so quiet lately, that several students have ven- tured an opinion that we shall soon be able to hear the chapel bell again. The Boilermakers Clam Baking As- sociation, who recently voted to hold their daily celebrations elsewhere, have removed their apparatus, Their place has been taken by the Colored Woman's Co-operative Gossip and Disturbance Corporation, who are now engaged in throwing books from the top gallery and giving the building its centenary cleaning in preparation for the next Centennial.
The librarians hold at-home's every day from nine to four. Tony fre- quently drops in about ten o'clock to liven up the conversation with a few vibrant remarks. The Assistant Li- brarian is pursuing a course in Un- derwood Technique, and plans to move in a parlor grand and a radio re- ceiving set as soon as the weather permits.
All students entering the building hereafter, are requested to follow the example set by the librarians and go immediately to the first balcony where they will clean their shoes.
A new consignment of snappy con- temporary fiction has been received. It includes "The Panama Canal Rec- ord," "The Norwegian Trade Review," "Our Dumb Animals," "The Railroad Age," "The Chinese Advance," "The Hardware Record," and "The Jewish Farmer."
GEMS FROM THE STUDENT HANDBOOK.
(The part in black face type ac- tually appears in the handbook. The casual remarks, in brackets, are made by our own reviewing editor.) "The first thing that you will no- tice on your arrival here will be the reserve and dignity of everyone else." (Tom Preston or Bill Camp, for instance!)
"On entering college subscribe to the Alumni News" ( ! ! ! ! ! ).
"Come to Madison Hall as soon as you arrive and you will find men eager to help you ... " (Sign up for the Y. M. C. A., the Pressing Club, and the Society for Extension Work in and around Dawson's Row). "Spirit permeates the whole stu- dent body" (Why the very idea!) "A man is known by the company he keeps" (Modesty forbids us to make any suggestions.)
"Fraternities are societies of con- genial friends. If they want you, you will know it (on the second day) when they ask you to join one of them." (Remarkable, Oscar, re- markable .- Let us add "Don't join more than one.")
"Fayerweather Gymnasium is on Carr's Hill adjoining the campus, It is free to all students (Except when there is something going on there). Its equipment is complete in every particular. (We wonder if the bird who wrote that didn't smile in fiendish glee as he pictured to himself the remaining dumbell!)
"The Rotunda occupies the cen- tral position on the University Grounds!" (That's why you will be asked "Have you seen the Ro- tunda?"-It's located just above the Bursar's Office.)
NURSES' HOME BALL.
The following gentlemen, frequent visitors to the Nurses' Home, were invited to the Annual Ball given by the nurses on April 31st:
Messrs. Jim Daniel, Billo Snead, Billiken Greear, Peg Leg Mahood, Craige Ruffin, Hibby Tinsley, Al
Percy, Boo Hughes, Geo. Davisson, Sewell Wingfield, Tom Martin, Mas- sie Page, Bruce Morton, Walter Adams, Miles' Omohundro, and the Shands' brothers. Among the re- cently initiated goats at the Nurses' Home are Mr. DeButts and Mr. Cole- man Walker.
Let Me Do It
Guarantee to do your job better than you can do it yourself, and in less, oh much less, time.
Varied experience in the State of Alabama, which I owned for 12 years, eminently qualifies me for the positions of
Alumni Secretary
Director of Endowment Fund Treasurer of Everything Inspiration of Defunct Press Bureau Graduate Manager of Athletics President of the University
The above can be done in my spare time and will not interfere with my present duties as Presi- dent of the Commerce Bank and Allied Industries.
Motto: Taurus throwendus est.
Reference: Woodrow Wilson .- I elected him twice, carrying the Solid South with unprecedented ease.
Signed :-
MISCELLANEOUS TILTON
Title: The yellow journal Call Number: LH1 .V6 Y43 Location: FLATFOLIO
This single copy was produced for the purposes of private study, scholarship, or research pursuant to 17 USC § 107 and/or 108. Copyright and other legal restrictions may apply to further uses. Special Collections, University of Virginia Library.
PAGE FIVE
THE YELLOW JOURNAL, MAY 22, 1922
KIMBALL TOO FRISKY
Gets Off on His Good Looks.
Frisky Kimbull, Henry Ford Pro- fessor of Architecture and official trainer of the family bull dog, was recently arrested in Charlottesville, charged with willful disregard of traffic regulations and the curfew law. Taken before Injustice Shackleford, he pled guilty of the charge, but was dismissed with a brief reprimand. His Honor expressed the opinion that Frisky, nothwithstanding his hat, did not look like a man who would willfully break the law.
This is the second time within the past few months that a University Professor has been arrested. A short time ago, Piccolo Giles was also charged with speeding and fined ten dollars. Were we not personally ac- quainted with Professor Kimbull, we would assume that Giles was ten dol- lars homelier. At any rate, we tremble to think what will happen if Earnie Lehman is taken up in his purple socks and purple shirt and purple tie and purple handkerchief.
ON OUR PRIVATE WIRE
[Continued from page 1] -
"Yes, we know you do. You owe everybody."
"Come on now, Yellow Journal. Aren't you a bit rough on us? We thought the show was fine."
"Well,-the first six hours were the hardest."
"Ouch!"
"By the way,-where is the Vis- iting Girl?"
"Oh, she's with John Koch in West Virginia. They left us 600 ber- ries in the hole."
"Raspberries ?"
Bang! !
-
Ting-a-ling- ting-a-ling "Hello! Yellow Journal Office." "Why,- er- er- this is the Prog- ress,-the Daily Progress." "You seem ashamed, Progress .-- Who gave you this name?" "My Bonsors in Saptism."
"Good Lord! Is this the Headliner talking."
"No-this is Thomas Jefferson Lindsay Hawkins."
"Well, listen, Tom-what do you mean 'Progress' ?"
"Why, er,- keeping up with last week's New York Times." "Are you any kin to Pilgrim's Progress "
"Oh, yes,-we carried something about the Pilgrim Tri-Cemetery." "Under 'Brief Telegrams in Late Form?' "
"Un-huh."
"Next to the 'Ad Hades cum the University article, wasn't it ?...... " "Now, look here, Yellow Journal .... we think.
"You swear you do !.... Listen, Progress-Why do you always print everything everybody says against the University ?"
"Well, we think ....
"You cant kid us, Progress, -- you haven't had a thought since Time's Burst of Dawn ....
Bang! ! !
-
NEW ECONOMICS COURSE.
-
"Tony" alderman announces that there will be a new course in the economic group next year. This course will be Economics JC and is described as being a course in eco- nomical travel for the benefit of stu- dents wishing to take week-end trips on a limited sum of money. Loren P. Guy, who has made an enviable record in this field as shown by a trip he took to New York costing twenty cents, will be the chief gum- mer of the proposed course. "Jimmy" Johnston will be associate professor.
"Jimmy" Johnston will also coach the walking team next year. His record walk from Monroe, Va. to Lynchburg has caused considerable comment in sporting circles.
IN THE BOOK WORLD
Back to Old Nassau, by Collins Denny: A heavy and idealistic novel, which has for its theme the glorifi- cation of Old Nassau, of which he is a distinguished graduate. The spirit of the old coffee clubs is often veiled and sometimes altogether lost under a too liberal application of exagger- ated metaphor and old fashioned heifer dust. The reader is left in doubt as to whether the Tiger throws the Bull or the Bull throws the Tiger, but at the end of the story the hero, (the story is written in the first per- son) conquers the Tiger and slings the Bull, so this is not a serious de- fect.
* * *
Away with the Women, by Thomas Selman Hall (14th St. Press): In this light and airy novel Mr. Hall displays the same understanding of the eter- nal feminine that marked his other recent novels, The Secret Romance, and Spread Your Stuff. The story is full of clever Dodges, and is particu- larly notable for its Minor details. * * *
The Modern Journalist, by S. R. McCulloch: In this new and brilliant book Mr. McCulloch reveals the se- cret of his journalistic success. All ambitious reporters should secure a copy of this momentous work and master it in detail. Mr. Hawkins, of the Charlottesville Progress, is es- pecially urged to read this. Mr. Mc- Culloch's Motto is, "Never write in one column what you can write in three."
* * *
A Thrilling Story of Success: En- titled 'Have you seen my V'-by Carl Mays Maphis. Have we seen it-aw gwan!
* * * Time Will Tell, by Ellis Brown, with a preface by Joe Deal. Pub- lished in the Chemical Lab. from copy compiled along the Range. This thrilling biography by the fa- mous college jokester describes in detail the inner workings of an an- cient political order.
* * *
In Again, Out Again, by R. C. Smith and T. L. Preston. In this highly technical book, the co-authors attempt to describe in detail the in- terior decoration of the Charlottes- ville jail. Through their extensive knowledge of this institution, gained through several investigating jour- neys in which they were disguised as prisoners, the authors are able to give intimate details of the inhabit- ants, the beauty of the spotless por- celain walls and the courtesy of the officials.
* * *
The Game of Peanut, by B. A. Moore. A treatise in which the writer is indignant on account of Hoyle's neglect of this highly enter- taining form of indoor sport. In de- scribing the game, the author states that the personnel of the game usu- ally consists of two or more con men (usually on a railroad train) and a sucker. The author's personal expe- rience with this game is quite inter- esting. It might be noted that this sport, initiated by certain skillful card men, has for its purpose the taking of money from boys just out the tall grass regions.
Eureka, by B. P. Chamberlain. A descriptive, historical writing in which Mr. Chamberlain explains the mean- ing of the title of his classic. The author cites many authorities for his statements, but is never able to con- clude this notable addition to litera- ture on account of a sarcastic re- mark made to him concerning what to do with his subject when he has found it.
* * *
The Three Gold Balls, by Izzy Op- pleman. The author's adventures with the three gold balls, football, baseball and basketball. The able anecdotes of the widely known bull shooter and artist at repartee are contained in the first few chapters.
*** * *
The Passing of the Great, by Henry Hunt. Another of Mr. Hunt's protestations against the existing or- der of society. In this thesis the author deplores the passing of the old regime in which the superiority of the upper classes went unchal- Ienged, and the nobility were not subjected to the familiar nods and imputent salutations of the Hoi-Pol- loi. His fearless interpretation of the best method by which to rebuke the rising generation marks the last stand of a passing era. Although the author's attitude on this subject has been widely discussed, it can not yet be appreciated by the gen- eral public.
* * *
Jokes That Have Made Me Laugh, by William Weston, Jr. Progress Job Press. In this late work, the author is apparently holding up to ridicule the worst jokes of the year by the publishing them in a sincere form. The author writes us that he thoroughly enjoyed them and had quite a hearty laugh over many of them which he himself originated.
* * *
Be Sure to Read: "How The Yel- low Journal Made a Man of Me," by Charlie Ferguson. The author points out that if you will only grin and bear it for awhile things will be O. K. We are proud of the author and of his timely advice, and com- mend it to those who hang their feelings on their sleeves-and can't take a few jabs in the ribs about once a year.
* * *
Play Your Way Through College: Being an improved Hoyle, giving all the rules of the game of bridge as seen from the inside. Author guar- antees success, and proves that one may not only play his way through college, but may also take two week- ends every week on the proceeds. The most important rule is No. 6, section k., which reads: "In jock- eying for position, always see to it that Bogie Pretlow is on the oppos- ing side, and half the battle is won." Price $1.98. See Randy Harrison, Phi Gam House.
* * * HOW TO CATCH THE NORTH- BOUND EXPRESS.
By Hon. J. "Pop" Lannigan.
A most artistically arranged book -filled with good Old-English cuss words and a smattering of Irish that's not quite so good. Written in the Maine Woods.
. HOSPITAL LIST. -
The number of students and pro- fessors in the hospital at the pres- ent time is surprisingly large for this time of the year. Among the professors is "Little Earnic" Leh- man, who is suffering from injuries to his toes received while he was giving a toe dancing exhibition. A. W. Johnson, a student in the Grad- uate Department, is suffering from a cold in his ankles caused by going without his spats. Fendall Gregory ate a stale cake and is hardly ex- pected to live. Dick Norsworthy is in with a case of sleeping sickness.
He has not been awake in several months. Tommy Tompkins has lung trouble which he got from sticking his chest out too far. The entire hospital is crowded with people who read Francis Mason's "poetry." The U. S. Health Service is sending out warnings not to read such sickening trash and is arresting Brody Cam- eron for allowing it to appear in The Magazine.
- SPECIAL ATTRACTION.
Modest Dick Carrington will speak tonight on "One of My Greatest Honors." It is not known on what topic Mr. Carrington will speak.
BALZ & BALL
IN
Their Educational Offeriug
ILLUSTRATING The Making of Gum on the Stage
Free SAMPLES GIVEN TO THE AUDIENCE AT EVERY SHOW
"Rudy" CARROLL
* 2
A Delightful Little Minx of Sweet Sixteen in her Songs and Tales of Love and Beauty
World's Greatest High - Diving Act
Presenting the Original
DELTA TAU DELTA COMPANY
This family is recognized the world over as being the greatest collection of high and fancy divers ever as- sembled under one roof.
The B. V. D. Boys Four Forms Divine
--
The Most Graceful Act in Vaudeville FEATURING "Hippo" Minor, "Bill" Baldwin "Tiny" Johnson and "Will" Chamberlain
-
Customs Direct from Underwear Row, New York
Title: The yellow journal Call Number: LH1 .V6 Y43 Location: FLATFOLIO
This single copy was produced for the purposes of private study, scholarship, or research pursuant to 17 USC § 107 and/or 108. Copyright and other legal restrictions may apply to further uses. Special Collections, University of Virginia Library.
PAGE SIX
THE YELLOW JOURNAL, MAY 22, 1922
BOSTON BULL
Thrown by Famous Northern Toreador. 一
That the student body of the Uni- versity of Virginia lacks both the culture and the comprehension to even partially appreciate the subtle mentality and the intellectual enor- mity of Bostonese aestheticism, is, according to A. W. Johnson, author of "Sex and Supersex," an unfortu- nate restraining restriction on the intimate relation between the Boston Sympathy Orchestration and the "Chauvre Souris."
"Witness," said Mr. Johnson when interviewed by a Yellow Journal scoop hound, "the sudden death of a horse. It completely circumvents the mathematical importance of the bicaudal bicephalous. The dalliance of the zylophonic zoanthropy of the umbracious trophosperm in the dram- aturgical monstrosity is an insult and a reflection on our quadri- geminous intelligence."
"In other words," continued Mr. Johnson, fingering his trick hat, "the visceroskeletal vol-au-vent of the yttriferous whiffle tree is not only xyridaceous but likewise somato- pluric. For further discussion of the subject, see chapter six, volume twenty-one, of my treatise on "Sex and Supersex."
Mr. Johnson, whose rabid popu- larity threatens to unhorse the rec- ord made by M. Whistlebritches Swan last year, is an imposing look- ing biological specimen from whom punk and whiskers radiate in all directions. Attired in a spiffy look- ing pair of spats over a stylish squadron of felt bed-room slippers, he can be seen greasily sliding across the lawn at all ungodly hours of the day. -
He is a strong advocate of Her- picide, Lydia Pinkham's Vegetable Compound and the Daily Dozen. While he expressed some doubt as to whether his towering mentality is fully appreciated at the University, Mr. Johnson has at the same time let fall a subtle hint that in his na- tive Boston, he is quite the razzber- ries.
- ELECTION.
-
At a recent meeting of the Bull- shevick Club, M. Cohen was elected president, Tubby Gray vice-president, Blondy Davis of the Engineering De- partment secretary, and Bo Brum- mel Wilson treasurer.
Early was appointed legal adviser. The club decided at this meeting to further the policy of knocking ev- erything and yell that they are be- ing imposed upon. Cohen introduced a resolution that no members take College Topics, but this was defeated. Sawmill What's-his-name helped to defeat this resolution by pointing out that Topics gave them more things to knock than any other thing on the campus.
4
I. PUSHA. COOKIE. (Sorority)
- Founded by Little Tooey Kin- solving, London, England, 1921 A. D.
Alpha Chapter. University of Virginia Fendall Gregory. Brodnax Cameron. Boota deButts. Willis Carey. Skee Johnston. Pin & Pin Prime. Fritz Wight. Ellis Brown (Weeum Brown's big brother).
Phoebus Apollo Shackelford. Pop Lannigan. Frater in Facultate-Abou Ben Abbot. Chapter Visitor-Charlie Fer- guson. Frater in Urbe - Mister Fonda.
PERSONALS
-
Cap Snyder says that he gets lost in the crowd now that the First Year Bloods have started patroniz- ing the Corner.
* * *
Yes, Carbolic, Doc Carter, the stu- dents' friend, still pulls that one about the "in"-ducing agent in his Chemistry classes.
* * * Mallory Andrews still thinks that Newport News is a daily paper.
* * *
At the Jefferson Today: LOVE: Showing what it will do to a fine, strong man. Featuring Black Bill Moseley at his best.
* * *
Lawson Kiser first received the name of SIMP at the University of Georgia. Isn't it funny how some nicknames stick ?
* * *
Was it Will Shakespeare or George Weyman who first coined that re- markable bit of advice: "Lock up your liquor, boys,-Mc'Voy's com- ing" -?
Speaking of George, it is said on fair authority that the Chi Phi's of- fered to pay the S. A. E.'s $150.00 if they would take Vonk Weyman. Cheap at any price.
* * *
Tucker Smith scratched his hard- wood head thoughtfully. Then a ray of almost super-oyster intelli- gence-"Why sure I know Frank Reade-he's that bird whose chest slipped."
* * *
It's a good thing Bill Laird takes the Baltimore Sun. If he hadn't read it in the paper he would never have known that his girl would be down for Easter Week. Try to get her to go to a Correspondence School for a while, Bill.
* * *
Elephant Jockey Minor is all het up because a fair damsel passed him on the long walk the other night and said demurely: "Good evening, Mr. Luck." We figure Doc Luck ought to be the sore one.
* * *
Griping Jimmie Johnston is all tuned up for the two miles. But Pop will probably make him run the javelin, the mean old thing! Here Jimmie was ready to win the 100 and Pop wanted him to try the 220. So he trained for the 220 next time, and that awful Irishman insisted that he run the 100. How can you ever expect a man to be a track star ?
* * *
Who would ever have thunk it ?! And Frank Christian, of all people. Carrying a bouquet of wild flowers to his girl! You should have seen the expression on his manly counte- nance. But when Sammy Witt gummed his date-, ah, there was a countenance, my countrymen!
LYDIA PINKHAM'S ADVICE TO THE LOVE LORN. - April 1, 1922.
Dear Lydia:
I am a young man with bright prospects as a rising young physi- cian. I have been going with a young lady friend of mine for some- time but do not seem to have my at- tentions received. If I run cross country five miles a day to see her, and take her to the movies once a week, do you think my condition will improve ? Faithfully yours, Al Shands.
Dear Al:
If you run five miles a day I cannot see how your condition can improve. A little absent treatment might prove effective. Interestedly yours, Lydia Pinkham.
"IT."
- (To the Darling Fendall Finchley Gregory.)
When April spreads her coat of green And Spring is welcomed home, A freak in breens is often seen Treading the campus loam.
(So green)
A Finchley coat of modish cut, Four buttons in a row, Adorns the frame of this same nut And gives the studes a show. (So generous)
In color blue, a dark slate hue, With pleats upon each side And fore and aft there circles round A belt two inches wide. (Such style)
Upon its head It parts its hair Exactly in the middle.
And when It meets a lady fair It musically does twiddle. (O hello there)
And when the local tea fights Convene upon a Sunday; He teas up well, sleeps ill that night; Is not at classes Monday. (That last cake)
Of all those famed illustrious men Who live in dear Mad Hall I verily think (let none contend) For clothes It beats them all.
(So says the janitor)
NOTICE.
-
I desire to make a definite state- ment: It might be a definite state- ment and then again it might not. You never can tell.
Signed: Saturated Solution Bray.
ANNOUNCEMENT.
The Cluett-Peabody Company has put a No. 19 collar on the market. The supply, however, has been bought up by Lucian Abbot.
NOTICE. - All candidates for the billiard team please see me about their eli- gibility at once. Prof. G. O. Ferguson.
It is rumored that Canon Eley, the much overworked medical stu- dent, talked with a friend the other day for fully five minutes without telling him how hard he was study- ing.
LOCAL FLAPPERS BEWARE.
-
Clem Buck and Anson Taylor
were seen on April 3rd, at 11:40
P. M., crawling under a fence-
headed for Dr. Lambeth's Petting
Parlors.
Terrible Dave Jarvis announces his candidacy for head cheer-leader.
BARE FACTS AND BUCKSHOT
A Drama of Real Life A Hardboiled Company of Grim Desperadoes
Featuring CHARLIE BOILS
LAMBETH & LEFEVRE Acrobats Extraordinary
PRESENTING Their Inimitable Athletic Juggling Skit: "CHANGING SITUATIONS" or "MORAL VICTORIES"
HAVE YOU A LITTLE FIREBUG IN YOUR HOME?
We have several varieties and would like to get rid of all of them. Buy now while the insurance companies are still willing to take the risk.
PHI DELTA THETA FRATERNITY CHANCELLOR STREET
Title: The yellow journal Call Number: LH1 .V6 Y43 Location: FLATFOLIO
This single copy was produced for the purposes of private study, scholarship, or research pursuant to 17 USC § 107 and/or 108. Copyright and other legal restrictions may apply to further uses. Special Collections, University of Virginia Library.
PAGE SEVEN
THE YELLOW JOURNAL, MAY 22, 1922
ARE YOU A ONE HUNDRED PER CENT. STUDENT ?
(The beauty about the following game is that anybody can play it. Moreover, there is lots of chance connected with it. The fellow who thinks he's 100% proof may bat less than the humble lad who doesn't think he's more than 97.8% perfect. The instructions are simple. If you are a mem- ber of Whang's American Legion put down 4. If you are also on the G. A. A. Board, subtract 6. In other words, you are minus 2% perfect. Could anything be simpler? Continue the march to the bottom of the col- umn. We only bat 17 ourselves, so don't be ashamed of a low grade! To make the game interesting, The Yellow Journal herewith promises to send ONE DOLLAR to the man who mails to C. Y. J., University, Va., before Friday, May 26, the highest batting average. Total must be witnessed by Mr. Eddins, signed by competitor, and deposited in Postoffice by 5:50 P. M., Thursday, May 25.)
1. Do you belong to the American Legion? If so Add 4
2. Are you on the G. A. A. Board ? Subtract 6
3. Have you a "V"? Add 9
4. Have you ever razzed your own team? Subtract 43
5. Are you President of a Class? Add 18
6. Are you a Phi Beta Kappa? Add 11
7. Do you belong to the Colonnade Club ? Subtract 8
8. Do you belong to the Taylor-McGinnes Pressing Club ? Add 2
9. Do you know the second verse to the Good Old Song? Add 6
10. Do you eat at the Commons? Subtract 7
11. Are you a fraternity man ? Add 3 (If a Deke, Zeta Psi, A. T. O., Phi Kappa Sigma, or Theta Chi,-add 1 more.)
12. Are you a Raven?
Add 6
13. A Skull and Key or Lambda Pi ?. Subtract 10
14. A Phi Delta Phi, Phi Alpha Delta, Delta Theta Phi Add 4
15. A Pi Mu, Nu Sigma Nu, Phi Rho Sigma, or Phi Beta Pi? Add 3
16. Have you made Tau Beta Pi or the Epsilon Society? Subtract 1
17. If you have made them both Add 5
18. Are you a Kappa Delta Mu?
Add 0
19. A Sigma Delta Chi? Subtract 0
20. Are you really an O. W. L .?
Add
2
21. An Alpha Kappa Psi?
Subtract
8
22. Do you know what the Kallikrates Club is? If so Add 7
23. If you don't know
Add
7
24. Are you a Sigma Upsilon ?
Add 1
25. Are you a "13" ? Subtract 5
26. Are you an IMP?
Add
2
27. Are you not an IMP?
28. Do you raise your hat to professors? Add 8
29. Do you raise it to Bob Hatcher? If so Add 2
30. Are you Bob Hatcher? If so
Subtract 2
31. Are you an Eli or a T. I. L. K. A .?
Add 1
32. Are you both ? Add 487
33. Did you ever attend a College Hour? Subtract 3
34. Do you belong to Stet's Y. M. C. A .?
Subtract 1
35. Do you know Mr. Murphy?
Add 4
36. Do you loaf at the Corner? Add 0
37. Are you on Topics?
Add 6
3712. Are you on the Mag?
Subtract 6
38. Are you on The Yellow Journal ?.. . If so you're ineligible for the prize
39. Do you belong to Hennelly's Virginia Union ? Subtract 7
40. Have you a degree from Virginia? Add 5
41. Do you belong to the Washington Society? Subtract 5
Subtract 2
42. Are you in the Glee Club ?
43. Do you approve of The Yellow Journal? If so
Add 9
44. Are you in love ? Add 3
45. With a local flapper ? Subtract 3
46. Have you ever visited the ice-pits? If so Add 1
47. In the daytime, and with a man? Subtract 4
48. Are you a Bolshevick ?.
Subtract
0
49. Do you belong to the Ku Klux Klan?
Add
0
50. Do you believe in Co-Education? If so. . SUBTRACT EVERYTHING
Total:
HIGH AS THE ALPS
IN PRICE
"EAT AND GROW THIN"
AT
Page's Hash House.
Opportunity to meet all the Big Boys. Only a step to the Corner where shakes and sandwiches may be pro- cured.
NO VISITORS ALLOWED
PORK A SPECIALTY
LOST
One Law Professor.
Answers to the name of ARMISTEAD M. DOBIE
Finder please return to Minor Hall, University of Virginia, and receive most any reward he cares to name. W. M. LILE, Dean
THE BRUFFEY BOYS
AT THE CORNER
ONCE TOO LAZY TO WRITE ADS. NOW THEY JUST DON'T WANT TO.
"Gummy" Balz
Dumb Bells
"Flunkski" Giles Piccolo
2
SYNCOPATED FACULTY
BAND CONCERT
"Wakemup" Paul
Shoehorn
"Herr" Kimbull Towel Wringer
Title: The yellow journal Call Number: LH1 .V6 Y43 Location: FLATFOLIO
This single copy was produced for the purposes of private study, scholarship, or research pursuant to 17 USC § 107 and/or 108. Copyright and other legal restrictions may apply to further uses. Special Collections, University of Virginia Library.
Add
2
PAGE EIGHT
THE YELLOW JOURNAL, MAY 22, 1922
PUBLICATIONS
Reviewed by Journal Critic in Lighter Vein.
College Topics: An organ. Belongs to Doc Carter. Edited by R. Maury. The editor whiles away his time by writing stories for the Red Book, and fills the editorial column with snappy reviews of the Mag-re- viewed by an ex-editor. Runs lots of news about George Westinghouse and Ben Baker. To date no ads have appeared on the front page, and no news has appeared anywhere else. Insists on calling first year athletes "Yearlings," and is firmly agin all drives. The athletic editor would make a good organ-grinder and we'll bet the business manager never starves to death. Mad. Hall news and American Legion notes cheerfully received. Published on Tuesdays and Fridays, except when two months' holiday is taken for ex- aminations.
Virginia Reel: Should be sup- pressed. Editor Avirett got out a Girl's Number, and now has 217 more young ladies on his correspond- ence list. Even we wouldn't dare pull the stuff the Reel delights to print. Has not yet discovered that even legs get tiresome after a while. A bright little mother-in-law joke night liven it up. A Reel costs you as much as a Journal does-imagine that!
Law Review: Nice light reading, but too much of it. We haven't quite finished the first number, but the rest of them must be better.
Engineering Journal: What ?! You didn't know there was one! Why the very idea. Cupid Hendren would turn over in his fourth best suit and hock his motorcycle if he heard you say that. It has ads -- 'n everything.
Corks and Curls: Will probably be on sale about July the 4th. The Washington Literary Society Bloc refused to support it. Edited by one of the Parrishes. Probably Eagle E.
The Mag: Merciful heavens!
-
TEASIPPERISSIMO.
-
There's a tea-house by the frog pond Where the "Bloods" all congregate; It's the sort of place that all the He-men shun. The talk is all of Bullsense And the whereforeness of fate, And the things their great great great grandfathers done.
When the clock has chimed four- thirty On a Sabbath afternoon, The pilgrims of the china cup draw nigh.
And the snakes and flatknees wriggle, With their chatter and their giggle, While the tea-fight love-light gleams in every eye.
Then the dear proprietress enters, And straightway the interest centers Round the table, where the tempting bait is spread. And each eligible daughter Mixes tea-leaves with hot water, While she laughs at every clever thing that's said.
When the crowd has finished knock- ing
All the absent ones (How shocking), And has tired of bawling out the common herd, They discuss the world's condition, And the sins of prohibition, With such clever stabs as "Isn't it absurd ?"
When my days on earth are ended, And J. Barleycorn's attended To the cutting of the notch upon his glass;
Will the devil, slyly grinning, As a punishment for sinning, Make me mingle with the tea-imbib- ing class ?
Hell no; he ain't that mean.
FIRST YEAR ATHLETICS.
Special to The Yellow Journal. University, Va .- The First Year men have made a very good showing in athletics this year, being well represented in all phases of both daylight and dark corner varieties. The season culminated in the All Freshman Meet which took place just before Easter Week, between Lamda Pies and The Skull and Keys.
The material was not very im- pressive at the opening of the sea- son, but both sides were determined to win and some brilliant material was developed by the exercise of new and very rigid training rules. E. C. Thompson went to the extent of keeping his socks on day and night for the two weeks preceding the meet, while W. B. Stabler con- sumed two quarts of raw eggs a day until the University Grocery store started selling him some of last year's stock.
When the meet was called all the First Year Gentlemen appeared on Lambeth Field (with the exception of Dick Peard who was unable to find a hat large enough to wear), and the meet was run off quickly under the able direction of the Ad- junk Managers, Tom Pinckney and Sugar Mackall. There was some difficulty caused by Freddy Scott who preferred to run for the Lamda Pies, but was seized by his indig- nant brother Tea Sisters and made to buffalo twelve-thirty as punish- ment. This naturally caused much delay which stirred Johnny Mc- Guire's "Old Virginia fighting blood," and made him brutally attack Fred Thesmar because he heard someone remark that Fred was better look- ing than himself. Finally John was persuaded that his honor had been upheld, and the meet was resumed.
The 100 yd. dash was the first event on the list, and was easily won by L. C. Cornick, but he was disqualified for impudence by Col. Gripe, the head of the committee on RULES and REGULATIONS. Cor- nick protested but the Col. was a firm believer in discipline and only replied, "I don't think you're disre- spectful; I know damn well you are."
The 440 promised to be an inter- esting race but Benny Arnold and Douglas (of Western), soon left Mattingly and Belote in the rear. Arnold would probably have won if he had not left the track and cut for the Home Plate, from force of habit, thereby disqualifying himself. Just at the end of this event Johnny McGuire got into another fight. (He may recover, but he will never look the same again).
Little Mack Tilton was unquestion- ably supreme in the long distance events. This was only natural as he inherited the long wind which runs in the family.
Bert Lambert got out of jail on a Dean's leave in order to compete in the Pole Vault, but he was unable to finish his event because Bill Wil- liamson came on the field at that time with his girls from Stuart Hall and broke up the meet.
SHAME ON YE!
The social ostracization of the be- briefcased Mr. Carl Whitlock is now being conducted by the ladies and gentlemen of the University commu- nity. Mr. Whitlock didn't say a thing except that there was no higher learning at Virginia, that he had all kinds of higher learning, that he had never been to school ex- cept at Virginia-and the good peo- ple of the community can't figure out where he got his superb flow of phrases. Well, well, well. Can't a man turn the pages of Webster if he wants to? Phrase-turning is dangerous-so is truth-telling, for that matter; so is bad taste. So are lots of things.
-
Fatty Calley really asked a sensi- ble question in accounting once.
J. SIDEISSUES WILSON'S OLD LINE BREAKS LOOSE
Dr. James Sideissues Wilson deliv- ered a special lecture last Saturday to the Raven Society, on the subject of Edgar Allan Poe and his contri- bution to American letters. He be- gan his discourse with a very en- lightening discussion of the Club system at Princeton, after which he quoted some remarks of John Drink- water to demonstrate the difference between the realism of John Mase- field and Joseph Conrad. He passed from this topic to a delicate and ap- preciatory appraisal of Chaucer and Walt Whitman and showed that these two are undeniably the fore- most modern writers. He closed his remarks with a realistic yet musical rendition of Kipling's fa- mous poem, Tommy.
SAD SHOW.
The legal fraternity of Phi Delta Phi in its annual show this year distinguished itself by an exhibition of envy, hatred, calumny and pain,- not to mention a few other things-, which has seldom been equalled at the University. Everybody knows that Bankruptcy, Partnership, and the other tickets that George teaches don't amount to much in the legal world,-and far be it from us to say that George oughtn't to have been jumped on. But,-please gentlemen, give the audience-and George- credit for a wee bit of intellect next time.
THE CUCKOO COLYUM.
- The Invitors Speak:
Oh Easter Queens if you were wise About the lines that we devise
To feed you daily wherewithal Some stuff that we don't mean a-tall
Or things discussed behind your back Your assets and the things you lack
Perhaps you think you're ze sou- brettes- If you were on, you'd send regrets.
To Which the Invitees Reply:
Perhaps you think you're very deft But we've a hunch that you got left.
This stuff you spread's not bonefide- You needn't think that we're outside.
We gave you back your share of mush, We got a bid and six days' rush-
You think that we are unaware? Well, keep on. Gawd knows we don't care!
- SOLILOQUY BY CHEMISTRY PROFESSOR.
Spoken by Graham Crackers Edgar: "She's a bear at repartee, don't ya know. Why, I was joshing her along a bit the other day, bah Jove, and she said quick as a flash- 'What beautiful eyelashes you have, Professor.'-'Blime, she threw me off my guard, old chap. Clevah, I call it-eyelashes, bah Jove!"
HERE EVERY DAY
MAN O'WAR HENNESSY
IN
The Fifth Horseman
of the
Impocalypse
D. J. HENNESSY FILM CO.
Title: The yellow journal Call Number: LH1 .V6 Y43 Location: FLATFOLIO
This single copy was produced for the purposes of private study, scholarship, or research pursuant to 17 USC § 107 and/or 108. Copyright and other legal restrictions may apply to further uses. Special Collections, University of Virginia Library.